Information architecture: reordering the sections (#16491)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/getting_started_with_the_web/installing_basic_software/index.md

In _Installing basic software_, we show you what tools you need to do simple web development and how to install them properly.

## What tools do I actually need, right now?

> In this article, we'll just set you up with a bare minimum — a text editor and some modern web browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, we'll set you up with a bare minimum — a text editor and some modern web browsers.
```

Some examples will need to be run by a web server to work successfully. You can find out how to do this in [How do you set up a local testing server?](/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/set_up_a_local_testing_server)

## What tools do the professionals use?

> That looks like a scary list, but fortunately, you can get started in web development without knowing anything about most of these. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following looks like a scary list, but fortunately, you can get started in web development without knowing anything about most of these.
```
